the US is facing a crisis it has never
seen before this is bigger than all of
the previous cycles and today I'll
explain why you came here for the truth
so let me unveil that for you you see
the Federal Reserve has been pumping out
cash and of course everyone loves it
right everyone loves it when the market
Rises everyone loves that their 401K
their rrsb their super their central
banks pump out the cash and it increases
the nominal value of their assets and so
those who own assets are saying I love
when my Central Bank does this the head
of the snake being the Federal Reserve
and what they're doing all the other
central banks follow suit for the most
part and so what we can see is that a
devaluation of the currency brings stuff
up in terms of their price but there's
just a problem because eventually you
run yourself into a corner and you can't
get out there's another issue of course
when the government has to um pay their
bills and the government has to issue a
lot of debt to do that well they back
themselves into a corner and so you get
these periods of high inflation that
happen but when the debt is going
bananas well then you can use your
central bank to monetize that debt
indirectly or directly and they can help
out those are temporary measures those
are things that would not even even been
considered before 2008 but now today are
very normal they're appreciated and
welcomed and let me tell you investors
beg for this to happen uh there's just
one problem though what happens when
inflation is already too high when
inflation is at this very very dangerous
level and yet they will likely need to
pump the cash more than they ever have
before that's what we're talking about
first things
first this is showing us Q4 GDP versus
budget deficit versus debt change you
got a problem here looking at this this
is the gdps increase all right great
wonderful right but then you have a
deficit increase that went way beyond
that like oh the economy grew at 3.3%
ooo so fantastic right but what about
the deficit oh it got massive and what
about the amount of debt oh that grew
like crazy oh okay so wait a second so
our debt our deficits are growing faster
than our economy and even that number is
manipulated okay we got a problem now
but the debt oh we owe that to ourselves
oh that's all fictional well why don't
you tell that to the interest payments
that you're paying on that you got a
problem here listen to me there's only
so much debt that can be issued there is
a ceiling and when you exceed that you
run into a problem in which your bills
cannot be paid and you begin to monetize
your debt effectively destroying rapidly
destroying the value of your currency
we've seen this before in the United
States they did this two
times and uh it's happened many times in
other countries of course as you know
I'm not saying that the United States is
going to towards hyperinflation that's
not a base case the point is imagine
what you experienced from 2020 up until
2023 let's say imagine again in the next
couple years that would be devastating
alone but we already went through that
so don't
oh no look at this US debt hits record
high as Rich economies pile on the IUS
it is very hazardous think about the
skull and
crossbones okay when you see thatb going
above these
levels you know it's hard to determin
what's the what is the number is it
above 100% that's such an arbitrary
number it's just oh yeah it's 100% no
when they get more debt they need buyers
of that
debt here you can see the breakdown I
wanted to include this as well just
showing you like where is where is this
go coming in where is it going out so of
course you've got people's taxes
individual income taxes lots of cash
lots and lots of cash for the government
to spend all right you got social
insurance your retirement accounts all
these things corporate income tax okay
cash is coming in wonderful wonderful
okay and then you look at your Social
Security your National Defense your
health care so
on not to mention interest are all the
bills that need to be paid and then you
have this deficit left over so no matter
how much you tax the people no matter
how you you can strip everybody of a
100% yeah everybody from from the
poorest person all the way up to the
best Z of the world strip them all 100%
of their income you still would not fill
the void that's how
unbelievable things are at this time
okay so we understand the debt problem
is bad okay I think I made my point this
is where we have an issue annual us
2year to 30-year debt rollover debt
issuance and maturity okay let's break
this down so you can see on the chart
basically um what's being experienced
it's that in the next little while we
have a big rollover of debt okay and
what happens during these circumstances
here we hope is that rates are coming
down rates are going to get
lower and a lot of the like what's
Happening Here is there's an issue that
you know you try to issue debt when
you're a government you package up your
debt package it up an investor buys it
they buy it at you know it depends
depend is this a one year is it a two
years is it a 20 years is it a 30 years
is it a 50 years so on what level of
debt you've seen 100-year debt before
right you would hope to get a better
rate because if you're going to hold
that assuming you would have held that
for a 100 years you would want a big
return but now things are kind of a
whack and so what we can see through all
of this is that the Federal
Reserve is you know basically on the
same page with with with the treasury
and so what we have to see is that
there's going to be enough investors
buying that debt from the government so
that the Federal Reserve doesn't have to
but there's a problem because as I'll
talk about um there's been a lot of debt
okay and that's not good all right the
amount of debt issuance that's been
going on since 2008 has been
astronomical that orange line there
that's the treasury
Securities so we just there just too
much the government wants to spend a lot
of money historically like a crazy
amount crazy man this is even compared
to other you know us like when you look
at the corporations and so on it's not
just you know an isolated thing but the
rate at which they're issuing these is
too far too fast and in the end what
happens is that you have to get somebody
to buy that up there just at some point
it's like okay we don't have the buyers
and that's where we get to this at some
point the supply will begin to overwhelm
the demand and spreads will widen there
are select opportunities you got to be
careful if you're Reliant upon new issue
Market to put Capital to work this is
getting more dangerous by the day and so
what they're trying to do here is like
okay do we want to do the short-term
debt or the long-term stuff well the
short-term
stuff um is very attractive good rates
right now now and you you can get buyers
all over the place longterm you're not
going to and that's why a lot of the
debt that the government is issuing at
this time is on the shorter
end that's
okay if you believe rates will go down
but you see the government they're
taking a big gamble at this time if you
think that inflation is going to go wild
again and things are going to go crazy
and we're going to go back up this is
going to be a big problem a big problem
so we don't know where that's going to
be
but this is a concern regardless though
even if that doesn't happen the amount
of Interest right now that the
government is paying we're talking about
a trillion dollars just in interest
payments before your health care before
all the things that you need your
infrastructure the amount of interest
that you're paying is is truly
unbelievable on all of this on this
nonsense this is fake this is something
that created out of thin air and you got
to pay your interest on it okay so
imagine you are dealing with all of this
and in the end what happens because I've
read this story before they have to
print your currency into Oblivion into
confetti now you will have confetti
that's great but at some point you know
there's only so much confetti we
need that's one party
that will have a lot of lot of confetti
that's for sure okay if you have your
own circumstances where you are unable
to you know you just got a financial
situation you need somebody to take a
look at it okay money pickle will help
you with that and money pickle are
linked up with this group and they just
if you have been to the money pickle
website before check it out again I'll
put the link in the description because
they change the whole landing pages much
better now it's way more informative
okay what is it basically it's a cfp or
fiduciary they will give you a 45 minute
free call you could talk about whatever
you need to talk about on that call and
that was the stipulation that I had in
order to partner with them I said look
you you got to it has to be free it's
got to be free and they said yes it's
not a sales pitch none of that so I
would highly recommend everybody check
that out okay because you just make a go
through the whole page just read the
whole page see what they can do for you
I would highly recommend it there's a
calendar thing you pick the date and
time that works for you and that's it
it's done it's very easy it's all online
I hope that you will take advantage of
that link will be in the description as
always otherwise it's at the money
gps.com theone gps.com and don't forget
to come back tomorrow I'll see you then
take care